the staff here the class water pump
to 160
she was leaking they may notice
here is the mark of the
water while running the
motorola not now but once it stopped
due to pressure with this ratio
I believe that by law chi and winston
touching the pump is no need to download the
added to change good tone
but I do not know said in the boring way
because it's too tight
I'll explain to you how I am.
making
she stands in that position
I'm clearing the book, I only have one
position she enters that had already
put in box
I will not explain to you first.
step is to loosen the pulley
loosen the pulley bolts're
are four screws your four
screws are you put the car on
neutral
complete the key you turn a position
The better you release, the better the position.
you first release a key to
debut of the step you drop two
screws
then you unseat turn around again
position to release the other two
straight
if you drop the pulley you go there
underneath the chain tensioner and
a key of 15
You're going to let go. You're going to relieve it.
pressure on the belt on the pole strap
You can already take out the belt pulley.
pole will get subject after release
pole strap
you will loosen the spindles that hold the
Water pump
Then she'll be alone.
only that it is difficult to draw here for you
will you get her you have to drop the
the control chain tensioner and is
that piece that
it is he who tightens the chain guide of the
command that was just occurring from common
You have to take them, not you.
Get the ball out of there.
done that's just